VeChain: Partnership with supply chain risk management platform Logsafer
Warning: If you have signed up to the DADI ICO, your information has been leaked by the team to hackers and phishers, who are currently exploiting this data for phishing scams. THE DADI team is trying their best to cover up any trace of this happening.
RIP EOS - John Oliver dissects this scam which has raised over 1.5 Bn USD already and is still raising funds in a "year long ICO"....
Apps on the Ethereum network made more than $1 million in the last 24h alone – which one are you using and why?
Microsoft Blocked More Than 400,000 Malicious Cryptojacking Attempts In One Day
CNBC: "Investors bullish on bitcoin now that the 'Tokyo Whale' has stopped selling".
Hacked Japan crypto exchange Coincheck refunds customers
Stealing Bitcoin with NPM namesquatting
[SHADY] DADI ICO server got hacked, huge data breach, admins refuse to acknowledge the leak.
Bitgrail wants to steal more of you (or not?)
Why regulation is bad and why people are worried about it?
Hacked Japanese cryptocurrency exchange Coincheck refunds customers
Philakone Behavior Is 'Cringe-Worthy'; Explains Market Manipulation On Bitfinex
PBS is eyeing buying Bitcoin over paying off debt or taking a vacation.
Banks fear an alternate currency, not blockchain. Beware of the narrative that says blockchain is good but crypto currency is bad.
NEM Rises 19 Percent as Coincheck Reimburses Customers and Resumes Limited Trading - Coinjournal
Large Mining Farm Discovered in Abandoned Russian Factory
Wanna see what a scam looks like? Take a look at the comments and commenter profiles.
Didn’t Facebook ban ICO ads?
Miner One is Scam?
Crypto Misery Index Signals Good Times Ahead
‘Bitcoin Misery Index’ Indicates Now is A Good Time To Buy
Binance pop up blocked?
Monero Fork MoneroV Could Harm User Privacy
Hacked Japanese Cryptocurrency Exchange Pays Back Customers
I keep hearing Lighting Network Advocates say that "most alts" will go to zero. Why wouldn't LN be good for alts?
PETRO: Can’t Scam a Scammer
Institutional money is still shaking that stick, waiting for you to let go!
Why carVertical is not currently focused on getting their token listed on more and bigger exchanges (This article can also apply to other long term projects)
Battle of Cryptos
Live From Battle of the Cryptos in NYC (twitch stream in comments): Panel Discussions
I have lost all access to myetherwallet and I need to get back in to it.
Twitter Steps Up Efforts to Fight Cryptocurrency Scams on its Platform
Blockport going live within two weeks now! Check out the alpha if you wanna see a Coinbase killer!
Amex Makes Biggest Fee Cut In Two Decade -- Could it be because of Ripple or XRP?
When will the market stop rising and falling with BTC?
Telegram Groups Losing Members?
'Fight fire with fire': IMF's Lagarde calls for bitcoin crackdown
Is anyone else kind of disappointed that John Oliver didn't end his Cryptocurrency segment by starting his own coin, or is that just me? (+ further questions/discussion from the Last Week Tonight segment on Cryptocurrency)
ambodia Blocks Crypto Transactions While Launching Its Own Cryptocurrency
Finally, an ad on CoinMarketCap that doesn't seem like complete bullroar.
Scammers Impersonating Tax Officers in Australia are Demanding Bitcoin
Korrobox - an ethereum based game distribution platform by former Riot Games employees - just launched their whitepaper and website
Fuck this dip... when will the bloodbath end !?!!?! I’m going to sleep wake me up when there is some hope of green !@_blockandchain_
No Tethers issued since January 23rd.
I warned you all about the bubble days before it happened and got told to “F Off”
Kucoin is not paying bonuses and actively removing and banning anyone asking about missing payments from Telegram and their Sub.
Cryptocurrency news roundup, offbeat or under the radar news you may have missed
Warning for phishing emails from a DADI email address! Even contained my name...
BTC drops, alts drop, BTC rises, alts drop - repeat. When will the big selloff happen, when everyone finally thinks its over?
Financial Company CEO: "there are areas within finance that are so grossly inefficient. Blockchain will be used there and it will be terrific."
Forbes: Blaming Mt. Gox For Bitcoin's Recent Price Drop Just Doesn't Compute
Venezuela's Petro Will Harm 'Legitimate' Cryptocurrencies, Says Brookings
Ripple Loses Bid to Keep Its Cryptocurrency Fight in California
WARNING: Clipboard MITM attack on Windows in the wild
TA indicator of the day: the devil's drop
FORBES: "The Bitcoin Misery Index, BMI, Is Flashing A Buy Signal".
Can anyone explain to me how any of current cryptos are gonna be the future, when no government can regulate it's fiscal OR monetary policies?
Stop. Calling. Bitcoin. Decentralized. – Egor Homakov – Medium
"Bitcoin Cash has its own rap song, and now we're all the poorer for it." -Gizmodo
What if I told you every post about VeChain automatically gets 194 upvotes in 6 minutes? Yup, SCAM
This U.S. Town Could Become the First to Ban Cryptocurrency Mining
Appealing my Ban on the Discord Server.
Goldman Sachs technical team thinks that Bitcoin will have another fall through its recent lows (Article from 12th of March)
Announcing DelegateCall.com: The First DAppChain Live on Loom Network
ELLA having some issues today and probably going to crash
Quantum computers threaten data encryption
Where my TRON haters at?
Woke Old Fuck ain't wrong
FUD my coin. Why is mywish platform just $3M marketcap?
Real talk: Why India is fighting cryptocurrencies
Dirty coin: wu-tang clan rapper's son launches crypto currency cryptographer
I havent seen anyone ask the question- How many coins survive Alt Coin death?
Is this a Scam advert? (more in first comment)
Medical professionals of CC, does FIAT pose an increasing risk to microbial epidemic?
Found a weak trading bot and cleaned house!
Former Indian Economic Official Says Bitcoin Hard to Regulate, Should Just Ban Entirely
Gemini will probably add BTH and LTC, But its still in big trouble.
Hypnotist charges half a bitcoin for helping you remember your lost cryptocurrency password
It's got to stop sometime, right?
90%+ of Okex Volume is fake. Huobi is 80%+ fake. What's more: Coinmarketcap added a dozen fake cloned exchanges that fake 99% of their volume.
A Warning To Kucoin Users
Co-founder of ZenCash, Rob Viglione at London Crypto Investor Show 2018
A different take on John Oliver's crypto segment - I don't think he's helping our cause.
Problems trying to figure out my taxes
Could Distributed Ledger be Used to Identify Fake Videos?
Strange deposit into my MEW
Early investors lost 2 million USD to scammers running a fake ICO
The "I made it big by investing in summer and have no real idea what to do" portfolio.
The Danger of Centralization That [Still] Exists in the Blockchain Ecosystem
Bitcoin mempool empty??
Deep Fried Crypto Chicken: The Chicken/Egg Problem
3D RPG Fighting dapp
Fundamental limitation of hybrid PoW/PoS consensus protocols - The Economic Hashpower Monopoly Attack
BTC broke the resistance of 9500USD !!! The next target seems 11000-12000USD
Bitcoin Is Terrible for the Environment
