15 month long uptrend vs. 3 month long downtrend, which will win?
5 reasons why switzerland is the greatest country for crypto
Huge potential for IoT crypto tokens as more devices go online
Chinapex/APEX Founder &amp; CEO Jimmy Hu was just awarded “Artificial Intelligence Person of the Year” by China Internet Weekly!
Ledger Nano S is back in stock. If your cryptocurrency investments are more than the cost of one, buy it and protect yourself.
A way for newbies to get into crypto without risk - my tool for info and easy participation to multiple airdrops
The Problems with Technical Analysis in Crypto - Plus a List of the Best Crypto Social Media Tracking Tools
SOUTHPARK episode on crypto could be the funniest ever
Ripple Gains A New Bank On A Weekly Basis (XRP)
China's IT Ministry Moves to Create National Blockchain Standards
Binance grants upto $10M in Crypto as a reward for unmasking hackers
I made a list of Top 19 most popular crypto influencers. Let's show some respect to the people that work hard to make our world adopt crypto and HODL.
“Potentially BILLIONS” of trx/second! Plasma network is coming, and it will be amazing.
Ever feel like the Lakers when ya place a “great” trade? ...ooops...
Deloitte is advertising all over my city to attract more blockchain devs.
Avoiding these sorts of things makes me way more successful
Watch this documentary! The Third Industrial Revolution: A Radical New Sharing Economy - Social and economic theorist Jeremy Rifkin
What would it look like (hypothetically) if BTC dropped to &gt;$1000 tomorrow. Or say &gt;$500
shopware - a huge eCommerce-platform - integrates IOTA as optional payment-method - look at the potential customers
It happened! ∆ Delta 1.6 for iOS &amp; Android is out &amp; we now support Exchange Account (API) Connections, Transfers &amp; BNB Fees! 😱
GUTS Tickets (GET Protocol) wins Startup Award at New Dutch Wave in SXSW Austin!
Ark | 2018 March Madness!!! ~$5000 prize pool :)
Explaining Stable Coins, The Holy Grail Of Crytpocurrency
Best Business in Crypto: Running an Exchange
If and when the next true bull run comes, which coins do you believe will have the most intense slingshot from their current position?
Fortuna's (FOTA) VP and Head of Product to talk at APAC Blockchain Conference about Blockchain based solutions for credit risk and operational efficiency in the $483 trillion global OTC Derivatives market (twitter.com)
Why is Binance not on Google? Its's an opportunity for scammers now.
The truth about vTorrent
Taiwanese Airline to Accept Cryptocurrency Payments for Flight Tickets
Ethereum [ETH] to Stellar Lumens [XLM] token shift by Irene Energy and its key reasons
Top 5 Altcoins to Watch in 2018
Coinbase releases new tool to help people with tax filings
DeepBrain Chain: Artificial Intelligence Blockchain Driven Computing Platform
Need help with Poloniex account recovery before divorce settlement.
Microsoft accepts Bitcoin Cash payments at 0% network costs - Coingeek
Found this free Udemy Coupon Code in my e-mails: Create Ethereum &amp; Blockchain Applications Using Solidity
Expanding the SelfKey footprint: LEXIT integrates SelfKey’s ID &amp; KYC solution into its IP and M&amp;A Marketplace
Review of ATN blockchain-based platform for AI development (DApps, DBots, artificial intelligence powered services)
Thank Your Crypto Miners
"How Binance inflated the value of it’s coin by 36%… by posting 1 tweet."
The Daily Dimes: A CryptoNews publish. Free Edition covering 3-09 to 3-13 Sat-Tues.
Intel has invited SONM to join their Cloud Insider Program!
South Korea Will Reportedly Allow ICO Investment Soon, Unbanning Token Sales
Monaco Unveils New Crypto Investment And Credit Products; Begins Closed Beta Testing Of Mobile App
Need Help? Every time the Crypto Market goes up 1% after a big dip.
Chinese Mining Giant Invests in CHSB, the Wealth Management Platform, SwissBorg’s Token.
Gvanga Marketplace now accepts AMB for agricultural products assured by Ambrosus Blockchain
Tried a new feature im my portfolio app, was surprised to find out you can't disable it again for the time given. But maybe it's better this way
TryContracts - A fun intro to Ethereum, try a smart contract in just a couple minutes!
Coinmetro Exchange will set the new bar for trading- away with BTC deciding our values!
Korea to allow ICO’s with new regulations.
Ripple (XRP) to Launch Innovative Application 'MoneyTap' - Ethereum World News
We Are All Responsible- Be the Helping Hand
Selfkey to implement Voice Biometric Auth and Certified Translation services into its wallet. Simply WOW!
CryptoSpigot.pw - a site dedicated to the tracking and use of faucets
Genesis Mining slammed with cease and desist order! Cloud mining contracts ruled as securities!
Blocksocial Event in Torronto - educating people about the Blockchain &amp; helping them build businesses that are decentralised and more importantly benefit all.
Mar 13 2018 Important Crypto News
My efforts for cryptocurrency traders: I'm building a collection of the best tools in cryptocurrency, this is the second iteration and I have also split everything into categories. Your feedback is greatly appreciated.
Easily calculate and track your portfolio | Cryptulate
Investing in ICOs in United States
CryptoSlate's piece on Lendingblock. Cross-chain securities lending for the crypto economy
I've been using crypto to purchase things online and I love it!
Best questions and answers from the Acorn Collective AMA!
Natural Selection
Help please from people who know what they are talking about
Inspired by ICOs, Security Tokens Aim to be the Industry’s Next Boom
Here Are Some of The Best Ways To Earn Bitcoin &amp; Other Cryptocurrencies Online!
Nature Journal of Science: AI researchers embrace Bitcoin technology to share medical data
DarcMatter DMC ICO: Top 5 FAQs
How decentralized are the top 10 cryptocurrencies? (BTC, ETH, XRP, BCH, LTC etc.)
Easiest way for a Singapore resident to enter the market.
Credits - Red Flags
Zap Store: Access Oracles That Bring Real-World Data to Smart Contracts
Great news segment about cryptos. Easy to understand! (Skip to 12:50 to laugh your ass off) #hodlgang
NEO &amp; Stellar is the current best altcoins to invest in 2018
Are Monero's fees really too high? How do fees help secure the network? A peak and explanation of why sending Monero around is borderline extortion, with fees higher than BTC per transaction
DREAM Reputation
Algebraix CEO Charles Silver to Deliver Keynote Address at South by Southwest on How Entertainment Will Bring Cryptocurrency into the Mainstream
Bitcoin Lightning Network Officially Has More Than 1000 Active Nodes on the Mainnet (1006)
Investing in Cryptocurrency is an Emotional RollerCoaster That Not Everyone is Cut Out To Ride!
IOTA &amp; Tokyo / Solutions announced this month!
Curious about CoinDash? Here's what you need to know
South Korean restaurants can now accept Cryptocurrencies via Kiosks, announces Bithumb
Coinbase no longer accepts buys via Credit Card, only debit/bank...is this how it is for everyone else too?
Vertbase (dedicated Vertcoin/Fiat exchange) hinting that they might be in the process of acquiring a license in Australia? I sure hope so!
Would you wear this HODL hoodie? Need to get a cool gift for my brother
Ripple [XRP] creates a one-of-a-kind mobile app called MoneyTap
Binance is definitely setting professional standards for exchanges. Have to give credit where it’s due
Get Ready: Bitcoin's Next Futures Expiration Is This Wednesday!!
NEM [XEM] Price the Only Gaining as Coincheck Commences Refunds
Banyan Network (BBN) is gaining traction in this bear market
RewardMob Ticket Sale Begins Today Play Mobile Games Win Cash and RMOB Tokens
RewardMob ICO Review: The First Mobile eSports Loyalty Platform
Remember to be careful keeping high valued Crypto on exchanges
The sharing economy and what to expect in 2018. Nice mention of r/ShareRing
Bringing Electricity to Southeast Asia: What Electrify.Asia (ELEC) Can Solve
What happened for the price to go in a straight line across then down? (Yesterday’s price chart)
IHT gains investment from NEO Global Capital and aims to build real estate version of Ripple
This taco spot in Pomona, Ca accepts crypto’s
Brainstorm sesh: Best ways for someone to earn in the crypto space with no money, but loads of time?
‘Blockchain is like saying I love you in front of multiple witnesses’ (Sunny Lu)
The European Commission will actively promote Blockchain Technology in Financial Services and Other Areas (FinTech Action Plan)
We made an upbeat hip hop song about crypto, and would love for you to hear it (video w/ lyrics)
Loopring Announces Partnership with O3, the Best NEO Wallet.
Newly released ICOwatchers.net | All active &amp; upcoming ICOs | Make money with the bounty system!
What is everyone's top pick within each industry for largest growth potential?
Binance Will Support EOS MainNet Token Swap
Monaco Begins Closed Beta Testing for Wallet App, Reveals Details of Investment and Credit Products
Global Payments Infrastructure Takeover in Progress
New P2P Decentralized Platform to Make Crypto and Fiat Exchanges Easier
Great news: "Elected officials in the state of Wyoming from the Senate and the House of Representatives have joined forces for the good of cryptocurrency investors throughout the state. Together, they have passed a historic bill that exempts cryptocurrency tokens from security laws".
Thomson Reuters Is Using Your Feelings About Bitcoin to Make Investors Rich
What are the best CryptoCurrency YouTube channels for hodlers (not trading)?
This Week in Crypto: Top Cryptocurrency Headlines for the Week of March 11, 2018
Crypto Volatility a Case Study in Maximum Appreciation of an Emerging Asset Class - the Crypto Times returns
Uk withdraw help!
The Crypto Bandwagon Experiment Week 10: Buying the top 7-day % increase (Up +77.17% overall. Down -17.40% this week)
I did not see the project more interesting on the Internet. I watch with interest the development of affairs. I believe in the success of the project!
Global Payments Infrastructure Takeover in Progress (XRP / Ripple)
Shipchain seems so promising! But then I see these blackmail stories...
Introducing Monero Original (XMO)
New Security Token Standard from OpenFinance Network
China Central Bank Admits Cryptocurrency Is “Technologically Inevitable”
Ask former CCO of Ethereum anything you'd like; tomorrow they will be live talking about the future of cryptocurrency
Great short talk about the future of crypto by Ethereum founder Vitalik
Summary of Ethereum Upgradeable Smart Contract Strategies
Twitch streamer Anomaly has a nice way of saying thanks for crypto donations... (fair warning for headphone users)
Lets create the ultimate aggregation of legendary crypto posts!
My efforts for mass adoption: I'm building a crypto to fiat point of sale app and payment platform. Supporting Nano, Stellar Lumens and Ripple payments to USD and AUD (initially). Your feedback is greatly appreciated.
Does anyone else think that crypto took a large hit because Credit Cards pushed back?
“In 1924 John Maynard Keynes stated that an excellent economist has to possess a unique combination of gifts. He had to be a mathematician, historian, statesman and philosopher...
Indian Finance Commission Member Shaktikanta Das: “It Is Impossible to Effectively Regulate Cryptocurrencies”
KWATT: The first coin claiming to conserve energy launches this month
Developer here! What app doesn’t exist that you wish did?
Gold vs. Bitcoin: Where They Fit in a Modern Portfolio
How do I declare taxes as a vendor using crypto as a way of receiving payment? In United States
Monaco rolls out their App Closed Beta and information on their new investment and credit products on eve of Money2020
Is it really worth it to make the switch from coinbase to Gemini?
Mar 12 2018 Important Crypto News
When you find a perfect Elliot wave, and Bitcoin does whatever it wants.
Top Alts to Watch for the Next Bull Run! (Recommendations Needed)
I came for the money, but stayed for the drama - Thank you!
Passion for Crypto Restored.
Would charity ICO drops be a good thing or bad thing?
New Token Makers Use Airdrops To Boost Mass Adoption
Is Enjin wallet connected directly to the blockchain like BRD wallet?
Vitalik to present scaling solution making crypto exchanges “Hack resistance”
Hilarious and informative video about Cryptocurrency by John Oliver on Last Week Tonight
Hard Cash Still Standing Strong in Face of Crypto Revolution
Cryptocurrency Weekly Digest (5-11 March) - Important Events
interesting discussion: GDPR data protection act also in BTT?
Renewable Energy Company - Help us create an ICO!
I’ll admit it
Honest responses to John Oliver’s episode on Cryptocurrencies?
Throwing mud against a wall in a bull market. $1,000 split between the top 200 in 2017 was worth $175,574 in Jan 2018
Learn how the Access team built @atlastogether, a branchless banking platform that allows anyone to become their own community micro-bank, and how their stories and talents culminated in the birth of @ACX_Network
RewardMob ICO Review: The First Mobile eSports Loyalty Platform
Join the Bloom team for the first /r/CryptoTechnology AMA tomorrow (Tuesday, March 13th) at 7 PM GMT.
Storing encrypted seed words on the cloud? A good idea for additional redundancy? Or should be avoided?
Cryptocurrency Market Erases Yesterday’s Gain, Ripple Drops 11%
Our #Whitelist is now live! toss.pro Join the #PROOFOFTOSS today! Be amongst the first 10000 subscribers and earn your 1000 TOSS #tokens bonus.
Look at the top 300+ Crypto Map – you still think blockchain platforms are good investments?
Relatively muted sentiment level today for cryptocurrencies: Slightly positive for bitcoin ethereum and ripple, where ETH stands out.
John Oliver talking about Titcoin made my day :)
Why are apps like Delta and Blockfolio free?
The BEST CryptoCurrency in the Market Right Now!!!
Perfect Example of Scammer
I do watercolor paintings sometimes, this was my favorite inspired by crypto!
Would it be possible to create a card game, like MTG, using blockchain technology?
Advantages and disadvantages from various stable coin projects. What is your opinion?
