Verge (XVG) Mining Exploit Attack Megathread
CNBC jumped the gun a bit
OmiseGo, Cosmos &amp; Ethereum: Hard Spoon &amp; Plasma to be released in 2018. Hard Spoon Explained.
Invest in crypto while greatly reducing your risk. 5 'traditional' publicly traded companies which are investing big in blockchain.
Japan's cryptocurrency exchanges face shortage of engineers
Is this what Cryptocurrency has become? This blind following?
670 million dollars in cryptocurrency stolen during the first quarter of 2018. That is 40% of the overall $1.7 bln stolen since 2011
Why Blockchain is not perfect
Is India also banned from having crypocurrency related businesses?
Japan's Monex Buys Hacked Exchange Coincheck
Video-Sharing Monetization Barriers To Disappear with Blockchain - Bitcoin Canada
To Those Hurting From The Cryptocurrency Bear Market
Cryptojacking attacks on Universities
The Brutal onslaught hurting Crypto Currencies.
The Byzantine Generals' Problem + Proof of Work for Noobs
Confirmed: Monex To Acquire Hacked Japanese Exchange Coincheck for $33.5 Mln
People want in on crypto so bad that exchange desks can’t keep up with demand
Stop panic selling in India
Knockout: SEC Charges Floyd Mayweather-backed ICO with Fraud
India : Got this mail today from my bank, really hate my country now
Savage reply from Vitalik to Justin Sun's tweet
How deal with FUD? Ban! No hack. Announcement come. Much moon, amaze!
Bitcoin Price is Irrelevant - All Currency is Worthless
Russian regulator moves to block Telegram messaging app
Public audit: Bancor vulnerability found
Crypto currencies are forced to be dumped in India by RBI
Indian crypto markets crashing due to govt ban on crypto handling by institutions
Venezuelan Currency a Scam, Dont Get Scammed!
The bitPico Hack Was Really the Tip of the Iceberg. The Entire Network is Insecure And the Topology is VERY Weak. Node Count is Superficial
Indian FUD again, but this time it's real notification sent by RBI (Centra Bank of India)
South Korean Crypto Executives Detained Over Alleged Embezzlement
Blind Signatures for Untraceable Payments by David Chaum, CRYPTO '82
Banyan Network (BBN) Analysis - Merging Databases For Improved Big Data Analytics - Using BBN, can isolated companies fight big conglomerates?
Network Attack on XVG / VERGE. Hacker mined a block every second for the past 13 hours
MailChimp Is The Latest To Ban Cryptocurrencies. But Does It Really Matter?
Polish government hates crypto. New interpretation for tax.
On the XVG fiasco: "To make matters worse, hasty developer responses have actually rendered the network even more incapable..."
Indian Banks Banned From Dealing in Cryptocurrencies
PSA: 23,872 domains are cryptojacking.. here's how to bust a site that's stealing your CPU power
Warning: Ducatus Coin is a scam!
WARNING! FAKE SIACOIN COINBURN SCREENSHOTS GOING AROUND. NO COIN BURN ON SIACOIN ROADMAP FOR 2018!!
Bitcoin is such a slut
Binance, OKe and Huobi fake their market volume
After the Cambridge Analytica scandal, Facebook and Google Ban against Cryptocurrency &amp; ICO ads seems like a complete bullshit. They are playing god and we finally have the power to stop it
Pizza-Guy Lazlo Hanyecz got a postcard from Midex. He was compensated for the loss of bitcoins in 2010. Nearly
FFS not everything negative is Fud
Kim Ik Hwan, The Leader of Korean Exchange Coinnest Arrested
Verge Mining Under 51% Hashrate Attack
Don't break this chain, because that is a block chain
Is The War Against ASICs Worth Fighting?
X-Post: Mike Hearn, prominent early Bitcoin developer who declared it a failed experiment in 2016, is back for an AMA "Ask Mike Anything" • r/btc
South Korean Crypto Executives Arrested For Embezzlement and Fraud
Mastermind of $300 Mn worth Bitcoin scam Amit Bhardwaj arrested in Bangkok
So.. are crypto's illegal in the UK now?
How long will the pain last..
10 Cryptocurrency Scams You Might Get Fooled By!
Trace Stolen Bitcoins
Reserve Bank of India asks banks to ban dealing with businesses/individuals and providing services related to cryptocurrencies
The shitshow goes on with XVG. IT just got 51% attacked.
I disagree with Mike Hearn on this: "If the situation reached the point of requiring it, that was the same thing as saying that Bitcoin's decentralisation had failed. So then why bother?"
Coinnest executive officer Kim Ik-hwan arrested for fraud
Warning: Fraudulent startup Centra is massively pumped on Binance, don't fall for it. I don't want to see your fucked up face on Youtube video later.
The Central Bank Bubble: It Will Be Ugly
Korea: Bithumb VP Criticizes Government Cryptocurrency Reforms
Greed
India to ban crypto currency trading
Tired of seeing all this FUD from “reputable” economic analyst
I don't get it. Centra (CTR) founders arrested, project to be halted. Up 32% over yesterday on Cryptopia.
Fake BRD Twitters popping up.
Watch out for fake giveaways on Twitter, some are now also verified
Due to the recent market fluctuations, should I cut my losses and sell all my altcoins and purchase bitcoin?
Coinnest CEO Arrested on embezzlement charges
2 Founders of $32 Million Centra Virtual Currency Project Are Arrested
Korean CoinNest exchange CEO arrested for Embezzlement and Fraud
Your thoughts - 20% of the world's population can no longer make crypto purchases with their bank
UN is Helping 80 Million People Fight Hunger With Ethereum-Based Transactions
A Chinese man arrested for selling several crypto exchange accounts to criminal groups in Japan
Cryptocurrency in Threat Finance: The Manipulation of Non-Fiat Digital Currencies to Finance Nefarious Actors smallwarsjournal.com
Symmetry Fund is a SCAM!
Greed vs Ideals. What did you choose?
​Korean cyrptocurrency exchange boss arrested for fraud
BITCOIN losing value because its losing its 'exclusivity' ?
X-Post: "I'm Mark Karpelès, ex-CEO of bankrupt MtGox. Ask me anything." • r/btc
"Bitcoin is a fraud and a scam"
Breaking news: India's central banks just banned cryptos!!!
"How Bitmain Will Ruin Ethereum Minets: Performance Analysis of the E3 ASIC"
ɃitPico: ”The #bitcoin #LightningNetwork DoS attack/test rumors are true. We did create a network stress tool for LN. The network is operating out of 8 countries running 22 attack vectors in-parallel from ~384 endpoints.”
JPMorgan failed 175 times trying to patent their own version of blockchain tech
Is Ripple dead? Am I a beta male cuck? Help!
Blockchain vs. Bullshit: Thoughts on the Future of Money (Andreas M. Antonopoulos)
Reserve Bank of India [Head of Indian Banls] Directs Banks To Stop Providing Services To Those Involved in Cryptocurrencies
Vitalik's absolute FIRE response to Craig Wright claiming that less than 0% of the BTC network is colluding with selfish miners
OKEx Denies Responsibility for Bitcoin Price Crash on Futures Exchange
Ecex.Exchange will buy distressed loans and other distressed contractual rights for Ziggurat tokens
Montreal Crypto Ban
Ripple tried to bribe Coinbase, apparently.
Buterin and Joseph Poon call out controversial scientist at deconomy
