[Guide] With markets rising again, here is a friendly reminder to do your own research, and some tips on how to research!
We actually won! 😱 The Webby Awards judges awarded ∆ Delta the Webby 2018 Award for best Mobile User Interface! 🎉🥇
IOTA Co-Founder buying a drink with the help of a DXC (170K employees) roboter arm paid in IOTAs
Bitcoin value is on the verge of another 'price explosion', according to cryptocurrency experts
I got on the leaderboard of BlocSide's new Spot The Ball game -- you can win MVP Tokens
REMINDER: Although $160B recovery is nice. Don't get too excited just yet until we break this marker. Signs of a true market recovery are confirmed by higher highs, not lower highs.
Brave browser going more mainstream.
Is Decentralization Truly Possible? If So, Do We Really Want It?
Why Waves is the best platform for airdrops
Bitcoin accepted at a restaurant in New Zealand - first time I have seen this here.
Handling Data Security On The Blockchain
Would a app that reward you with a token when you exercise, will motivate you ?
Binance add new feature called Dust: Exchange all your small coins into BNB. Excellent news for BNB Price and finally you can clean up your small balances.
I wrote an easy-to-understand pro-crypto article, with a special emphasis on Elastos, but including several other projects I love.
Top 3 altcoin for 2018?
Ardent United Update: Whitepaper Release, MVP Release, and Benefit Corporation Incorporation
Why do people here act like cryptocurrencies are completely mainstream?
FLIXXO | Decentralized Video Sharing Platform | How it Works and why it's different
Global market cap growth is driven by alts in recent upward trend.
Do you ever feel like you're listening to the same people all the time? (stats inside)
74 Japanese Beauty Clinics Starts Accepting Bitcoin
LitBox seems like a really cool idea!
Bitcoin Hits Above $9200, Investors Can Now Smile (Again)!
Andreessen Horowitz Is Preparing to Launch a Dedicated Crypto Fund
Wells Fargo Also Now Cracking Down on Cash Deposits
QUOINE/LIQUID preparing for the Worldbook BETA testing! Great news for the QASH Token
TokenCard dropping some major news! Check out the comments the CEO is also posting in the thread!! "We have created the first decentralized bank..."
Announcing Origin Protocol’s successful strategic round
Goldman Sachs Hires Trader for Crypto Market Unit - JP Morgan Banker Says Crypto Market will Grow!
I've listed FEE % for popular Canadian BTC exchanges
The case for cryptos: Wells Fargo fined $1-billion after ripping off customers for over 12 years
Please, could someone help me decipher the Jargon on this Binance Gas Distribution alert?
Strange token deposited in my MEW address called Super Wallet Token. I’m worried.
Why is EOS doing phenomenally well?
Explain to how your favorite project actually achieves the goals it has promised
Robinhood Crypto now active in Colorado
Sorry guys, the founding CEO of PayPal says "Bitcoin is the greatest scam in history". He wouldn't be biased, would he?
Please take my survey on cryptocurrency and investing!
Very excited, just launched first Android app in Google play store. I'm calling it Bitcoin Clock, a Bitcoin price tracker.
$PAC is nurturing young talent, sponsoring junior karting star Andrew Maciel
Power Ledger and Japan’s second-largest electricity utility Kansai Electric Power Co. (KEPCO/@KANDEN_Official) partner to trial peer-to-peer renewable energy trading in Japan
Cardano [ADA] EDUCATION section launched!
Mercury CEO: "Please Remove/Delist GMT from forkdelta"
The Wolf of Bitcoin Street (new original art)
A great piece/post
[UPDATE] Elixir continues lightning progress on Beta - now accepting crowdfunding projects, UI Updates, and over 700 people signed up for early access.
What crypto do you truly believe in?
With all these recent hacks across the Crypto world, Hacken is here to save the world.
S Korea Telco To Use Blockchain For Asset Management And Authentication
Delta won the Webby 2018 Award for Best Mobile User Interface
'Blockchain makes tracking products smooth and helps to optimise your supply chain',- explains Rado Dragov to Blockchainreactions crowd at B-M Brussels
Massive $BAT shill from 6.1 Million subscribers. Brave is making moves.
Easy way to keep an eye on your crypto stats, all in a hidden notification
MobileCoin announces successful fundraising round led by Binance Labs for $30,000,000
Ledger support for Syscoin is now officially on its way!
Here we go! I’m not going to lie, I was a little scared, but I held strong and actually was buying during the bear market. It’s not because I’m a crypto expert, trust me. I hope everyone is doing well and I think we are in for a ride! Did I say I’m not an expert? Good! I hope we all make $$$$!
Best portfolio app
Catdi Printing Announces Acceptance of Cryptocurrencies
Platforms vs Protocols vs Tokens vs Coins - Value?
Why Stablecoins like Basis Won’t be Stable
What to do with United Bitcoin if in the US?
Crypto Market Cap Rises Past $410 Billion As Smart Money Moves In
16 Regulated Crypto Exchanges Unveil Plans to Restore Public Trust in Japan - Bitcoin News
Wallet Safety: Hardware &amp; Paper Wallets are the Best
Coinbase glitch giving me money in my wallet?
Japanese Cryptocurrency Exchange Association is looking to restore crypto market confidence
NANO peer to peer dontions supported by Cryptips
Valuing Cryptoassets from the Ground Up – Mike Sall – Medium
New Tablet Protects Your Cryptocurrency Transactions in Real-time
Cryptocurrency is Amazing
My portfolio app now has realized / unrealized profit calculations, because Blockfolio was lacking them
Is crypto better than sex?
Is there a decentralized plattform like ebay?
Bytom is the best performing cryptocurrency this year so far according to this website!
HPB reaching 10,000 transactions/sec out of their 1,000,000 transactions/sec goal on the testnet
Monero [XMR] with a 47% jump – second highest in the top 15!
Evaluating Cryptoassets, Great Informative Video
Meet the crusader who is trying to convince the world that cryptocurrency is necessary - CityAm article about Charles Hoskinson
Becker offering an IRS approved course in US digital currency taxation for $29
Great New Informative videos by the MIT Technology Review. Take a look!
Time to spread the love of crypto again!
Korea's SK Telecom to Build Blockchain for Identity and Asset Exchange
Santander Bank launch money transfer APP fro customers ......"We collaborated with @Ripple , we've been testing for two years.... it works, it's safe, it's fully compliant."
Financial Literacy Courses Focused on Crypto?
Win Reddcoin (RDD) for playing Fortnite Battle Royale! Challenge other players on CryptoPlay.it and win RDD!
Major JPN telco partnering with POWER LEDGER. Great News
It looks like Goldman Sachs is entering the Crypto Markets very soon!
Could Smart Contracts Become Legally Binding? Thoughts?
Side by Side Comparison of the Top Cryptocurrency Exchanges Trading Screens
TIL you can sell 0.00001 LTC or other small balances in Binance without worrying about minimum order
Crypto is a: Currency? Property? Commodity? Security?
Ok, BTC 9200 MC 420 B sensible input on what is about to happen next ?
UnikoinGold is the first crypto approved by a Las Vegas Strip casino to be used in prizes for esports tournaments!
Visualization showing price change (in %) of top 50 crypto currencies in last 7 days. It looks like a "pump" week for "Bitcoin XYZ" series.
Hong Kong and Singapore Prove Safe Havens for ICO Listings ~ That's how these small countries survive by embracing New Technology and be the first
Learn how to use Metamask while playing a decentralized game
Funniest mistake/decision you’ve made in cryptos?
Well Well Well Look what Masari did now
How British Financial Regulator Creates A Foundation For UK ...
Personal Identity Standard should be open source like an ISO.
The GET Protocol — Cracking Mainstream Adoption By Making Blockchain Not So Scary
11 Reasons Why PIVX is the Best Privacy Coin of 2018
Take a look at the top 20 coins from around the same time last year, then look at the top 20 today. How many are still there? What does this say about the HODL strategy? Trying to apply this logic to all my alts...
Lexit Bounty 10000 LXT for the best tagline
Fifth Installment of WalletInvestor's Most Promising Altcoins of 2018' series where five interesting projects get a short introduction.
Permanently keeping the 1MB (anti-spam) restriction is a great idea ...
PRECONCEPTION BIASM: This crypto is Better, safer, and more legit because an official source talks about it.
Crypto friendly banks in Germany?
News alert! Igor Lebedev speaking details for Consensus 2018 revealed!
DocTailor — A Self Customisable Legal Binding Smart Contract Platform
Cryptocurrencies Were Never Good for Anybody But the Rich: Bitcoin started as a populist alternative to government money—or was it just the rich getting richer all along?
What is Technology if you don't serve the humanity. Blockchain for Social Impact LALA World Clothes Donation Drive with Clothes Box Foundation, Just a small step towards a Huge Task of spreading Happiness to unbanked migrants and construction workers
Tell me your favorite cryptocurrencies with a market capital lower than 25 mio usd
'We Welcome Anonymous Cryptocurrencies' : US Federal Reserve Breaks Down Bitcoin in New Study
I did my part today. What did you do to help?
The tricky art (and emerging science) of valuing crypto-assets
Exclusive: Coinbase set to acquire SF startup Koding Fast-growing exchange adds to talent pool with code collaboration platform
Wow, the WTC shilling in this sub is undeniably flagrant and obnoxious!!!
CDO of JP Morgan on Crypto...
Cryptocurrency and Retirement Planning: A Good Match or a Hostage to Fortune?
Africa and Blockmesh, a love story far better than twilight
Santander and Ripple - testing was very good
Binance will use Blockchain Technology to help fuel 1000’s of jobs and boost Uganda’s economy!
do not be reckless
Any US Citizens here moving to Puerto Rico to take advantage of the 0% Capital Gains incentive program?
Is Enigma the "God Protocol"? - ENG:AION Meetup
Top crypto articles this week: Kraken vs NY AG, ASICs, Crypto Composables
This Subreddit is a joke
Is Ripple Worth the Hype ?
Liquidity.Network is offering the community to choose the first coins it lists. Great way to get people involved in the process!
Premium Australian Webhost now accepts 50 types of crypto
Coinbase will face a public trial in AML class action lawsuit
Crypto Security Tips - How to Store &amp; Keep it Safe
Binance is planning to help Uganda in economic development
Are there any free Blockchain/Crypto events in the EU this year?
Haven Protocol (XHV): An untraceable Stable coin through Smart Contracts
Potential price action for these top 10. Updated data pulled from total search volume + follower impact + tweets.
Popular YouTuber Philip DeFranco takes an advisory position to promote Basic Attention Token.
How do you keep your hardware wallets secure?
Binance to create employment opportunities for Uganda’s youth in blockchain
He's too ugly for a profile picture, but posts a board of selfies including a random one of a dog? Someone's fishing for compliments in a back handed cringe-worthy emo way.
BlueWhale the first ICO on the ICON Blockchain! Hope you guys like the short intro :-)
Best positioned music project?
IDEX = EtherDelta but way better
My BuildGreen Coin sweatshirt is in! Looks pretty BA.
Sports Startups Use Blockchain to Improve World Cup Fan Experience
Goldman Sachs Hires Cryptocurrency Trader to Help Firm Develop Digital Asset Trading Strategy
Catmosphere Cat Café Chiang Mai now accepts cryptocurrencies
CPChain and Zhichao Medical AI Tech Co. reached strategic cooperation agreement!
What is Security And How To Do It Properly
With Pundi X recently rocketing into the top 100, I thought some of you might find helpful a review and explanation I wrote several months ago
RoBotina — SAVE ELECTRICITY. SAVE MONEY. SAVE THE PLANET.
The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) turning into International Blockshare Identification Number (IBIN) - The future of equity
Ethereum App KittyRace Lets CryptoKitties Race Each Other for a Prize
Amazon Web Services and IOTA at Hannover Messe!
How British Financial Regulator Creates A Foundation For UK Cryptocurrency Adoption
IPSX - IP Exchange - a candidate for great returns in the next few months?
If you had $1000 to spend, were a brand new crypto investor, and wanted to leverage your money into the best possible chance of accidentally getting rich within the next 5-10-15 years, what would you do?
We created a tool that groups cryptocurrencies by use-case/industry then tracks the market-cap of the group and performance within the group
A former top Wall Street regulator turns to the blockchain
Former JP Morgan banker Daniel Masters envisions a growing cryptocurrency market
We're building a crypto service and need few minutes of your help! Reward included!
ETH &amp; XRP likely 'noncompliant securities'
The Trust Protocol: How blockchain will change the Internet
PayPie (PPP) – Token to Access Business Credit Via Ethereum Blockchain - Achieved $100M+ Market Capitalization and Top 150 Rank
Crypto Trading 101: Identifying Safe Cryptocurrency Exchanges
Nucleus Vision Project Review - IoT Contactless identification system for Retail Sales
Decentralized exchanges, amazing tools; BUT- Save your money and double, triple, quadruple check your trades!
carVertical And KuCoin Give Away Tesla Model S To The Top Trader
Look's like we're seeing a breakout in the market, based on Coinmarektcaps' "Total Market Capitalization (excluding bitcoin) "
Good news from the Swedish tax authorities
I made a misstake, accidentally did send EOS tokens to the EOS Crowdsale.... How to get them back ? Etherscan link added below. Willing tot reward ....
"From Russia With Love: Buterin Vs Pham in Twitter Throwdown Round 2"
'Dear @YahooFinance, please note that since the August 1st hard fork, BTC is know known as "Bitcoin Core" to differentiate it from the other versions of Bitcoin that exist'
BET JUST how my interest landed me
Guide: Don’t Be Afraid to Take Gains
Binance to Help Uganda: Possible Move to Africa?
How often would you like to receive a crypto newsletter? Daily? Weekly?
New ICOBox Feature Simplifies Token Purchase Process and Enhances Security for ICOs and Buyers
SWITCHEO: "In alignment to our partnership with @conciergeio , Switcheo Exchange will be listing their token (CGE) soon! We also have something exciting in store for both our communities, so do look out for our updates! "
Pre-ICO Starts from 1st May 2018. Register with us and get 30% Bonus.
Crypto Titans: A New Podcast That Interviews Dynamic Personalities Of The Crypto World.
CPChain partners with Zhichao Medical AI Tech Co to produce AI health care robots
The Power of Positive Blockchain Series : A Blockchain Beacon Lighting the Way
Giving the Banks a Run for their Money: Shot for Fintech Startups
Interest in Crypto mining.
Cryptocurrency Candlestick Patterns - Trade Like a Pro
Does anyone know a good place to sell goods for crypto? (High end watch, Audemars Piguet)
Super good writeup on Wanchain
The LocalMonero Forums are now launched! Our growing community has a need for a place to hold discussions. Your LocalMonero account is shared with the forum. The users that are most active and spark the most interesting discussions will be considered for the role of moderators!
AirPod : The Value of the APOD Token Will Naturally Increase Over Time
The $2 Million Ian Balina Hack: 4 Key Security Takeaways &amp; Reminders
Creating a Valuation for a Utility Token: $COSS (Part 2)
How to create your own cryptocurrency
9k+ and to the moon... Hopefully! Shared via CoinMarketApp by PrograMonks
Dash Targets Global Liberty Movement Conferences With Key Partnerships
What was that? PLAY just went nuts for about 4 minutes
Join a role model ICO! Smart Containers leads the way.
In honor of this small moon, reposting IOST CEO Jimmy Zhong's interview on Asian Economy TV
Never forget what your money is worth to you.
Delta’s Exchange Connection - Is it Safe?
Pirl and Pascalcoin-the next best thing
Please ELI5 impact of hard forks
[FintruX] Third Exchange Reveal and Important Updates
2018’s Top Cryptocurrency Exchanges for U.S. Investors
The 4 Top Cryptocurrency Mining Stocks
Played around with Blox crypto portfolio tracker - not bad
How u know for sure the bear market is over.
